# hidden-memory-tricks

Maybe this is a better example since it has a real world parallel, and just like all the distributions probably get blamed for the code other people tamper with and never add any disclaimer which you would think I would be entitled to know if it truly had a good purpose. I would understand the need for it and would not be so angry about it. But instead, I feel cut off, disconnected, and throttled by strange connections in netstat from foreign governments or whatever. 

Here is another example of something that I don't know how to do, and I am not responsible for this code. I can't even say that Ubuntu is responsible or Linux or Debian or anyone else. My Debian certificates were coming through as not a match when I tried to use secure apt connections, and the only way I could figure out how to correct it was to just turn off the checking mechanism and accept that I was being given swapped out files somewhere. And I have found many expired certificates, many that do not match what the website says, and many that if I turn them off or delete them will break my system. That should not happen unless your certificates include fake ones that are not part of the overall legitimate chain, and I remember an article about a guy who deactivated all but one and still found every site he visited worked. It is supposed to be a trust network and not individual pockets of isolated entities.

So this is not just the rantings of a crazy paranoid schizo on drugs, as much as that likes to get thrown around most likely by the ones who have the capability to forge certificates and hide fragments of a had drive throughout empty space or "badram" space that is normally ignored. I don't know. But for years I have been kept from being able to freely access information because of some kind of control that has so often been timed perfectly to very specific times when it is way too easy to ignore everything I say because supposedly I am a crazy paranoid schizo on drugs. 

I am not, however. And in fact I have an entire entourage of people devoted to making sure that doesn't happen. I'm not sure if that is their actual purpose, But I'll forego the Psalm 91 rant again.

So anyway, I found this file in /lib/partman/lib/recipes.sh that shows a lot of very seemingly low-level piecing together of memory. It is in a partman folder, so you would expect there to be something related to creating partitions and mapping hard drives. But I also found in lsof a whole long list of what looked like fragments of something in memory. [and here the cursor just suddenly go super slow] 

I added the output of lsof without touching it, and if my personal information is there then good. I wish my identity were known but for what I have actually done and not for what everyone has in their private notes because someone higher up told them something bad about me that someone else did and that was never identified as me or else that someone's predictability machine gave them the likely prediction of what would happen but didn't take into consideration the Holy Spirit. If I were supposed to stay quiet and hidden, though, then why did God make everything about me stand out in some way? Not in a visible outward way, though. I blend in well in day to day life. Or I used to before people started calling out "Bae!" to announce my presence everywhere I went. But I am gay. I am Christian but believe in freedom from sin. I am a rapid metabolizer for CYP2D6. My fingerprints were on file at the FBI from an early age through a Channel 4 booth at the mall to make sure kids could be identified if lost. I was valedictorian of my high school but I went to art school at a football university. I am different in so many ways that keep me a minority with little support unless I broaden theh scope of my case and weaken it.

But again everything comes to a screeching halt if my paragraphs get too long, and that makes it hard to finish my thoughts if my brain damage from anti-depressants don't cause that. It has been implied by the pharmaceutical industry who doesn't want to lose the revenue from it coming out that anti-depressants can create a dependency that will make you crazy when you stop taking them which is tied to a link between daydreaming and serotonin according to a medical study I found a while back. A lot of my files with that information oddly ended up being burned up in someone's RV last year though in the desert outside of Jean, Nevada. Or was it Jeanne? I just remember it was the name of my sister-in-law's mother who was also from Nevada. Or that is where they lived when my sister-in-law married my brother. 

Someone once made a comment to say that I was being selfish for wanting to claim everything all for myself. I was supposed to leave some for others who had more to gain than I did by being able to claim something good that I had done. But it isn't me that is claiming everything for myself. The original message that I kept repeating was that Jehovah was the one who should get the credit, and it was a testament to His support and assistance. But when people started claiming things and not allowing me to because they were intruding and seeing things that they didn't understand or assumed that I was a hypocritical televangelist wannabe like everyone else (even though I hate the spotlight and I am the worst evangelist ever because it was not my calling) I guess it looked like I was just another scammer which gave them the right to play king of the hill. And I wasn't in it to compete for that. And they managed to cut off all the physical resouces, put cameras up everywhere to make sure any angels would be seen if they appeared to help, told all the suspoected angels I was evil, And then cried out that I was ungodly because I was working against God and not for Him. But while still secretly torturing me by enforcing everything I said
